FtcRobotController/src/main/java/org/firstinspires/ftc/robotcontroller/external/samples/sample_conventions.md, before:

## Sample Class/Opmode conventions
#### V 1.1.0  8/9/2017

This document defines the FTC Sample OpMode and Class conventions.

### OpMode Name

To gain a better understanding of how the samples are organized, and how to interpret the
naming system, it will help to understand the conventions that were used during their creation.

To summarize: A range of different samples classes will reside in the java/external/samples.
The class names will follow a naming convention which indicates the purpose of each class.
The prefix of the name will be one of the following:

Basic:  	This is a minimally functional OpMode used to illustrate the skeleton/structure
            of a particular style of OpMode.  These are bare bones examples.

Sensor:    	This is a Sample OpMode that shows how to use a specific sensor.
            It is not intended to drive a functioning robot, it is simply showing the minimal code
            required to read and display the sensor values.

Robot:	    This is a Sample OpMode that assumes a simple two-motor (differential) drive base.
            It may be used to provide a common baseline driving OpMode, or
            to demonstrate how a particular sensor or concept can be used to navigate.

Concept:	This is a sample OpMode that illustrates performing a specific function or concept.
            These may be complex, but their operation should be explained clearly in the comments,
            or the comments should reference an external doc, guide or tutorial.
            Each OpMode should try to only demonstrate a single concept so they are easy to
            locate based on their name.  These OpModes may not produce a drivable robot.

After the prefix, other conventions will apply:

* Sensor class names should constructed as:       Sensor - Company - Type
* Robot class names should be constructed as:     Robot - Mode - Action - OpModetype
* Concept class names should be constructed as:   Concept - Topic - OpModetype

### Sample OpMode Content/Style

Code is formatted as per the Google Style Guide:

https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html

With “Sensor” and “Hardware” samples, the code should demonstrate the essential function,
and not be embellished with too much additional “clever” code.  If a sensor has special
addressing needs, or has a variety of modes or outputs, these should be demonstrated as
simply as possible.

Special programming methods, or robot control techniques should be reserved for “Concept” Samples,
and where possible, Samples should strive to only demonstrate a single concept,
eg: State machine coding, or a User Menu system, and not combine them into a single “all inclusive”
sample.  This will prevent an “all inclusive” Sample being deleted just because one part of it
becomes obsolete.

### Device Configuration Names

The following device names are used in the external samples
 
** Motors:
left_drive
right_drive
left_arm

** Servos:
left_hand
right_hand
arm
claw

** Sensors:
sensor_color
sensor_ir
sensor_light
sensor_ods
sensor_range
sensor_touch
sensor_color_distance
sensor_digital
digin
digout

** Localization:
compass
gyro
imu 
navx

### Device Object Names

Device Object names should use the same words as the device’s configuration name, but they
should be re-structured to be a suitable Java variable name.  This should keep the same word order,
but adopt the style of beginning with a lower case letter, and then each subsequent word
starting with an upper case letter.

Eg: from the examples above:  tool, leftMotor, rightClawServo, rearLightSensor.

Note:  Sometimes it’s helpful to put the device type first, followed by the variant.
eg:  motorLeft and motorRight, but this should only be done if the same word order
is used on the device configuration name.

### OpMode code Comments

Sample comments should read like normal code comments, that is, as an explanation of what the
sample code is doing.  They should NOT be directives to the user,
like: “insert your joystick code here” as these comments typically aren’t
detailed enough to be useful.  They also often get left in the code and become garbage.

Instead, an example of the joystick code should be shown with a comment describing what it is doing.

Commit message:

Joshua: Robot follows spline path well but is consistently 2.2ish inches off and needs to be fixed (this is with odometry pods) IT DOES AUTOCORRECT PATH

FtcRobotController/src/main/java/org/firstinspires/ftc/robotcontroller/external/samples/sample_conventions.md, after:

## Sample Class/Opmode conventions
#### V 1.1.0  8/9/2017

This document defines the FTC Sample OpMode and Class conventions.

### OpMode Name

To gain a better understanding of how the samples are organized, and how to interpret the
naming system, it will help to understand the conventions that were used during their creation.

To summarize: A range of different samples classes will reside in the java/external/samples.
The class names will follow a naming convention which indicates the purpose of each class.
The prefix of the name will be one of the following:

Basic:  	This is a minimally functional OpMode used to illustrate the skeleton/structure
            of a particular style of OpMode.  These are bare bones examples.

Sensor:    	This is a Sample OpMode that shows how to use a specific sensor.
            It is not intended to drive a functioning robot, it is simply showing the minimal code
            required to read and display the sensor values.

Robot:	    This is a Sample OpMode that assumes a simple two-motor (differential) drive base.
            It may be used to provide a common baseline driving OpMode, or
            to demonstrate how a particular sensor or concept can be used to navigate.

Concept:	This is a sample OpMode that illustrates performing a specific function or concept.
            These may be complex, but their operation should be explained clearly in the comments,
            or the comments should reference an external doc, guide or tutorial.
            Each OpMode should try to only demonstrate a single concept so they are easy to
            locate based on their name.  These OpModes may not produce a drivable robot.

Utility:    This sample type is provided as a useful tool, or aide, to perform some specific development task.
            It is not expected to be something you would include in your own robot code.
            To use the tool, comment out the @Disabled annotation and build the App.
            Read the comments found in the sample for an explanation of its intended use.

After the prefix, other conventions will apply:

* Sensor class names should constructed as:       Sensor - Company - Type
* Robot class names should be constructed as:     Robot - Mode - Action - OpModetype
* Concept class names should be constructed as:   Concept - Topic - OpModetype

### Sample OpMode Content/Style

Code is formatted as per the Google Style Guide:

https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html

With “Sensor” and “Hardware” samples, the code should demonstrate the essential function,
and not be embellished with too much additional “clever” code.  If a sensor has special
addressing needs, or has a variety of modes or outputs, these should be demonstrated as
simply as possible.

Special programming methods, or robot control techniques should be reserved for “Concept” Samples,
and where possible, Samples should strive to only demonstrate a single concept,
eg: State machine coding, or a User Menu system, and not combine them into a single “all inclusive”
sample.  This will prevent an “all inclusive” Sample being deleted just because one part of it
becomes obsolete.

### Device Configuration Names

The following device names are used in the external samples
 
** Motors:
left_drive
right_drive
left_arm

** Servos:
left_hand
right_hand
arm
claw

** Sensors:
sensor_color
sensor_ir
sensor_light
sensor_ods
sensor_range
sensor_touch
sensor_color_distance
sensor_digital
digin
digout

** Localization:
compass
gyro
imu 
navx

### Device Object Names

Device Object names should use the same words as the device’s configuration name, but they
should be re-structured to be a suitable Java variable name.  This should keep the same word order,
but adopt the style of beginning with a lower case letter, and then each subsequent word
starting with an upper case letter.

Eg: from the examples above:  tool, leftMotor, rightClawServo, rearLightSensor.

Note:  Sometimes it’s helpful to put the device type first, followed by the variant.
eg:  motorLeft and motorRight, but this should only be done if the same word order
is used on the device configuration name.

### OpMode code Comments

Sample comments should read like normal code comments, that is, as an explanation of what the
sample code is doing.  They should NOT be directives to the user,
like: “insert your joystick code here” as these comments typically aren’t
detailed enough to be useful.  They also often get left in the code and become garbage.

Instead, an example of the joystick code should be shown with a comment describing what it is doing.
